{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Imaging the Visual Brain\
IRB# 42825\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\fs28 \cf0 Verbal Pre-Screening Script\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 [Usually read over the phone to the prospective participant by a research staff member.]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\i \cf0 Thank you for your willingness to participant in our study. In order to ensure your safety during the scan, I need to ask you a few questions.
\i0 \

\i Have you ever had an MRI before?
\i0 \
[b.]*Have you ever had any heart, brain or inner ear surgery?\
[If YES] 
\i Can you tell me any details about when that surgery took place? I will need as much information as possible to refer to our MR Technologist to determine whether it is safe for you to be scanned.
\i0 \
[c.] 
\i Have you ever had any surgery where anything was implanted in your body such as rods, pins, screws, clips, wires, pacemaker, inner ear tubes?
\i0 \
[If YES] 
\i Can you tell me any details about the implants? Do you have documentation from your physician about what exactly was implanted and whether it is safe for MR? I will need as much information as possible to refer to our MR Technologist to determine whether it is safe for you to be scanned.
\i0 \
[d.] 
\i Have you ever had injuries involving metal to your eye?
\i0 \
[If YES] 
\i Can you tell me any details about these injuries? I will need as much information as possible to refer to our MR Technologist to determine whether it is safe for you to be scanned.
\i0 \
[e.] 
\i Do you have any tattoos or permanent makeup?
\i0 \
[If YES] 
\i Can you tell me any details about the location of your tattoos or permanent make-up? I will need as much information as possible to refer to our MR Technologist to determine whether it is safe for you to be scanned.
\i0 \
[If YES to any of b.-e.] 
\i Thank you. I will have to check with our staff to see whether it is safe for you to be scanned. Someone may follow up with you by phone or email for further information. If it is safe, we will contact you again to schedule an appointment. Thank you. Good bye.
\i0 \
[f. ]
\i Have you ever had a seizure or has any family member had a seizure?
\i0 \
[If YES] 
\i Because there is a very small risk that our displays may trigger a seizure, we are sorry, but you are not eligible to participate in our study. Thank you for your interest. Good bye.
\i0 \
[g.] 
\i Are you claustrophobic?
\i0 \
[If YES] 
\i Some people find that they can tolerate an MR scan if they have a chance to get used to the feeling first. Do you want to try it out in our scanner simulator? If so, we can try that before you are scanned.
\i0 \
[If eligible to be scheduled] 
\i Ok. Let\'92s find a time that works for an appointment. We will need ___ minutes. Are you available ____?
\i0  [schedule appointment]\

\i If you have any piercings you will be asked to remove them prior to the MRI. We also suggest that you wear loose fitting clothing such as sweatpants [for women: a sports or similar bra without underwires.] There will be a secure place for you to store your belongings during the scan.
\i0 \
[In some cases] 
\i I will send you a SLEIC MRI Screening Form via email. Please complete it and bring it to your session.
\i0 \
}