1. Verbal prescreening prior to visit. A research staff member will contact the participant in advance of the testing session and ask about prior MR scans, surgeries, implants, eye injuries, tattoos or permanent make-up, personal and family seizure history, and clautrophobia. Depending on the results of that interview, an appointment may be scheduled, the MR Technologist will be consulted, or the person will be told that they are ineligible.

2. Day-of-appointment screening by research staff. Participants will be briefed about the study. They will be asked to complete and sign the SLEIC MRI Safety Screening Form. They will be asked to read and sign the consent form. When these documents are complete, the participant will escorted to 7 Chandlee where they will be asked to remove all metal, piercings, etc., and be given an opportunity to change into SLEIC-provided scrubs. 

3. Vision testing. The research staff member will assess visual acuity.  If the individual wears glasses, their visual acuity without glasses will be tested so that we may prepare a set of MR-compatible glasses that best correct for their visual deficit. 

4. MR Technologist Safety Screening. The MR Technologist will review the SLEIC MRI Safety Screening Form and interview the participant. 

5. Preparation for scanning. If the MR Technologist determines that it is safe to scan the participant, he or she will escort the participant into the magnet room, provide the participant with ear protection, position them in the scanner table, position the head coil, ensure that the participant has the button box or response grips needed to carry out any task, and ensure that the participant can see the rear-projection computer screen. If the eye tracker is being used, it will be calibrated.

6. Scanning. A session will consist of both structural and task-related scan sequences. Each sequence will take about 2-12 min each. At least one structural scan and 2-3 task-related sequences are typical. The research staff member and MR Technologist will communicate with the participant between each scan to ensure their comfort.

7. Task-related scans. Participants will view a 1024x768 pixel 60 Hz display presented on a projection screen positioned outside of the magnet bore.  Participants will view the screen by looking straight up at a set of mirrors attached to the head coil. The display will subtend up to 40 deg horizontally and 30 deg vertically. Most of the displays will be abstract geometric patterns (checkerboards, stripes) or moving dots.  Some may be photographs of human faces, common household objects, landscapes, and the like. In an example of one type of study, participants may be asked to press a button each time they detect a change in a moving pattern of dots. In another study, they might be asked to judge which of two abstract 3D shapes is more "attractive" and to press a key to indicate their choice. In another study, they might be asked to rate the "symmetry" of a repeating abstract pattern on a 1-4 scale. Based on the pattern of key presses, we may calculate the visibility, attractiveness, or symmetry of one kind of visual image relative to another or may analyze the patterns of response speed and accuracy. 

8. Post-scan wrap-up. After all the task-related and structural scans have been completed. The MR Technologist and research staff member will enter the scanner room and help the participant from the scanner bed, and escort them back to the 7 Chandlee waiting room. The participant may retrieve his or her belongings from the secure locker. If the participant changed clothing, they may change back. If the participant is receiving payment, the payment form is processed and signed. If they are receiving course credit, that credit information is recorded. The research staff member escorts the participant out of the 7 Chandlee testing suite and thanks them for their participation. The research staff member will place any corrective glass lenses back in the storage case. The MR Technologist will clean and disinfect the scanner in preparation for the next participant.
